Article about Wazo and chatgpt (#558)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: content/blog/2023-01-wazo-chatgpt.md

---
title: Hey ChatGPT, write an article about Wazo and you
date: 2023-01-11 10:00:00
author: Sylvain BOILY
category: Wazo Platform
tags: hack, chat, websocket, chatgpt, openai
slug: 2023-chatgpt-with-wazo
status: published
---

## ChatGPT, chatgpt

> Hey my new friend, please i need you for my creativity. If you don't know what's is chatGPT yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hey my new friend, please i need you for my creativity. If you don't know what chatGPT is yet
```

> please look on your social network, internet etc... because this is the latest big trend for 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please look in your social networks, the internet, etc... because this is the latest big trend for 2023.
```

> ChatGPT could be everywhere in everything and this could probably be, the tech world next huge company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ChatGPT could be everywhere in everything, and this could probably be the tech world's next huge company.
```

Reviewer: not sure on the meaning of "next huge company" here. Is this refering to OpenAI(the company behind ChatGPT)? Perhaps you meant "next huge gamechanger", "next huge revolution", "next huge paradigm shift" or similar.

> This chat has been built on the top of the openAI, which is the company surrently developing the AI. This tool is very powerful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chat has been built on top of the openAI, which is the company currently developing the AI. This tool is very powerful
```

and interesting and could be used to build many new applications.

> So, like many people I played with chatGPT and I ended up asked it to write a blog entry about Wazo and chatGPT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, like many people I played with chatGPT and I ended up asking it to write a blog entry about Wazo and ChatGPT.
```

This is the result here:

![wazo chagpt blog (small)](/images/blog/wazo-chatgpt/result.png)

> So finally i ended up asking ChatGPT, if it could write the code to connect Wazo and ChatGPT, this was the result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So finally I ended up asking ChatGPT if it could write the code to connect Wazo and ChatGPT. This was the result:
```

![wazo chagpt code (small)](/images/blog/wazo-chatgpt/result-code.png)

Well, I admit it is not as simple as that, so I decided to write a very short working demo.

```python
import openai
import asyncio
import logging
import time

from wazo_auth_client import Client as Auth
from wazo_chatd_client import Client as Chatd
from wazo_websocketd_client import Client as Websocket
from wazo_websocketd_client.exceptions import AlreadyConnectedException

> username = "" # check you have the good ACL for talk with chatd, auth, and websoketd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
username = "" # check you have the right ACL to talk with chatd, auth, and websocketd
```

        prompt = content
    else:
        ask_question = False

    if ask_question == True:
        response = ask_question_to_openai(prompt)

    if response:
        chatd.rooms.create_message_from_user(room_uuid, {
            'alias': chatGpt,
            'content': response
      })

    await asyncio.sleep(0.1)

async def main():
    ws.on('chatd_user_room_message_created', callback)
    ws.on('auth_session_expire_soon', session_expired)
    await ws.run()

auth = Auth(host, username=username, password=password, verify_certificate=False)
refresh_token = get_refresh_token()
chatd = Chatd(host, token=get_token(), verify_certificate=False)
ws = Websocket(host, token=get_token(), verify_certificate=False)

asyncio.run(main())
```

## Conclusion

This code implemented two features:
1. By default, everybody sending me a chat at Wazo will have a conversation with my bot instead of me, so you can talk with me all
the time and about everything now ;) 
2. I just added a prompt /assistant to play with the bot and my participant. So if me or the participant start a sentence with `/assistant do something`,the bot will answer in place of the participant.

> So I had fun with Gregory yesterday morning and finally the bot said we have a super great support at Wazo and GPT can't replace them ;),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So I had fun with Gregory yesterday morning and finally the bot said we have a super great support team at Wazo and ChatGPT can't replace them ;),
```
